gh-140146: Fix for stdin redirection to a pipe with interactive tkinter on Windows (#148819)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Windows/2026-04-21-16-07-11.gh-issue-140146.TAcUHA.rst

> Avoid tkinter to hang on Windows if stdin is redirected to a pipe in an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prevent :mod:`tkinter` from hanging on Windows if stdin is redirected to a pipe in an
```
